I think it's a balance, let's not say
It was excellent but it is a balance
positive knowing that we came from
an injury and the rise we had at
end of the tournament was good for
us and we know that is ours
next, let's do big things
that he lacked the equity to be in the
party of the quarterfinals we missed
be more effective we had many options
and at the beginning land does not
concreted and that cost us for the
final when when we wanted and we started
to add all the points no longer us
reached but then we already have an idea and
we already know what to play in his career
good still with equity for
insurance is sometimes ratified
I contract his continuity yes yes I already have
contract with them until December would be
loan and good I'll be until December
I have heard them around me have
called some some equipment but in
that time because I can not take the
decision because as you know I
I belong to national because my contract
is with national and right now I am
loan with equity and I have to meet
my contract has been said something by the
oil lipsticks have called me
they have called and we have spoken it seems to me
very interesting but although I think it's going
to be difficult because of the economic issue
I imagine
I do not know if for the economic but for
what I have as I say contract
national and contract with equity and
So now what if these things
in national then we would have to talk
with them and then a little complicated
I imagine that the taste is there
wanting to be always sees in some
moment to return to the team in that
oil yes sure you do not know that this
is the team of my loves the team that
I want so that I will always want
play and well let's hope that if you can
come happy and if we do not expect that in
a future do it a few days
short vacations here in
barrancabermeja and a few short days
share with the family rest and
take a breath for what the other one is coming
semester when I reminded you the presents
on June 99 tell us about the others
players who are in equity is good
one is also going to start you go there
is training for guillén
right now I'm staying with sub-20
training but but then there they have
taken into account has played 23 games and
it's a boy who is going to come in hopefully
better semester not the second already the
finalization of the league with this equity
and it comes back in its personally also yes
let's hope that if this is the case with the
help from god we know about the conditions
that we have and the great team that we have
formed came to drugs not to arms
says to young sport canyon a
message from the mayor's office of
barrancabermeja city ​​future